To insert a ricahrd into the database we're using the esky well insert into statement and we're building
the Eskew L string by directly inserting values coming from a farm submission in the post array.
This is fine if we trust the data coming from the farm but a user could type absolutely anything into
this farm and the value will be directly inserted into the ask you L statement.
For example let's try putting a single quote in here and submitting the farm.
We get an ask you l syntax error simply by typing in a single quote.
We've broken the code that runs when this farm is submitted.
Let's go through what happened.
This is a simplified version of the ESC you l insert into statement we're using.
We're concatenating three strings together including a variable to form a complete esky wealth statement.
We're assuming that the variable is a string.
So we're surrounding it by single quotes in the ask you well.
Let's look at what the resulting esky Well string is for different values of the variable.
If the variable is empty this is the resulting escudo String.
Which is valid if the variable contains a simple string.
This is the resulting esky Well this is also valid.
However if the variable contains a single quote like this this is the resulting Eskew L string.
This isn't valid.
This is because the database server assumes the quote that's come from the variable is actually one
of the quotes that goes around the string after that quote.
It expects a closing bracket but instead there's the rest of the variable.
This is what cast the error we saw.
Let's look at a more dangerous example.
Both my ESC U L and a movie D B contain a database called my esky well that contains all the information
about users permissions and so on.
There's a table called a user in this database that contains all the information about the users of
the database server.
Here we can see the root user and the user we created earlier for our application.
As you can see the password is stored as a hash which is a way of encrypting it.
However it's not a very secure hash.
For example if we copy the text of this password
and then search online for my Eskew L password cracker Here's one.
If we paste the hashed password value and submit the farm.
Then we get the result which is secret which is what I've set the boot password to on the server.
So how is this related to Escuela injection.
This esky Well statements will select the password column of the user table where the use is root and
limit the results to just one rijkaard.
If we run this we get the hashed root user password.
Let's go back to our app Let's add a line to print out the ESC U L statement that we're executing like
that.
And just for the purposes of this demo and connecting to the database from HP using the root user instead
of the one we created then in the browser I'm going to put some Eskew L into the title field and submit
the farm.
This is the esky Well that was executed and a rijkaard was inserted with idea 3 0 3.
If we look at this rijkaard we can see that the content column contains the hashed password for the
root user.
What's more we don't need to have access to p p madmen to see this.
We can see it here on the index page and on the individual article page.
So what happened.
This is the ESC Eskew else statement in our code.
This is the value I put in the title column which is what ends up in the post title array element content
and published at are both empty strings.
This is the resulting Eskew L string.
Instead of inserting a string value for the title column I insert it.
ESC u l by closing the string with a single quote and adding the values for another rijkaard at the
end.
We saw earlier how you can insert more than one record at once with the insert into statement.
This is called a sub query and what this returns is what is inserted into this field.
What we just did was ransom.
ESC Eskew L of our choosing on the server and view the results in the browser.
No need to have access to the database server are P 8 p.m. and admin at all.
We did it all from a web browser.
This is called esky well injection.
And as you can see it can be very dangerous.
It's easy to avoid it though which will then next.